it's a flash bracket that you can use to
attach your bones style heads to it's
really cool I do recommend it I use them
many times in the past and comes wrapped
a nice little plastic bag or protection
and a little case which you'll never use
again because you'll never break the
speed bracket down again here's a
bracket disassembled I'm gonna simply
undo these two screws
you're gonna then just simply screw it
into the background racket you'll see it
in a moment now I'm using a screwdriver
and I'm snugging this out but you could
use your fingers if you so choose but it
does have a slot push screwdriver that
makes it a lot faster for me I've used
products like this before and this one
seems to be pretty pretty on line with
the other products as ever did come with
a m-yeah tripod or a different mounts
bracket okay it's soft aluminum that's
all you need you don't wanna break
whatever you're screwing it into oh well
let's try to say white metal or soft
aluminum it does have the positive stops
you see maybe you can see with the teeth
in there
so when you crank this in there it's
gonna walk without having to roll rotate
this thumb screw is plastic if that was
to break you probably could use
something else to win knot or something
to secure that stay of your own desire
this slides in and out for your speed
light which I'll show you mounted in a
moment okay kind of a comparison but
this is another bracket I use as a
Bowens head on it now
this bracket used a pressed fitting so
you get this little bit of rattle and
there's unless I break this apart and
add a screw and a ball and all this
other crazy stuff not I'm gonna have
that play in this bracket and I did like
this bracket it was a little buying or
is sold by Calumet except for I don't
like it's this play
that's quite annoying so that mine these
other bracket by the other company gonna
take off my speed light so it has a
smaller thumb screw so what I'm driving
at is that the other company I'm sorry
and the thumb screw back here they're
about the same size as the other one you
simply unscrew it even on unscrew up
pretty you know a decent amount before
you're gonna get still what you know
still gonna be locked in and then you
just rotate and pull it out alright is
down now to mount your speed light you
simply slide it loosen your bracket up
weak old shoe bracket right here
spring-loaded to screw and that is nice
keeps it nice and firm oh yeah this is
metal and lock it in still I don't like
to grab the speed light and make sure
it's secure there this thumb screw is
much bigger and I'm lined up almost with
my opening of my bracket simply rotate
the screw down here slide it down you're
in the center of it good enough that's
one way to do it format and now you can
adjust your bracket once you have it on
your stand now here's a Bowens mount
going on
let's I'm gonna loosen the screw up the
thumb screw and rotate it into place
it's locked
it feels secure it's an without even
though using the thumb screw yet now the
thumb screw belong to this Bowens from
rotating out and there you have it and
then I can rotate lock the flashing from
rotating left to right with the thumb
screw here and it's ready to go
that is one version of this product the
screw at the bottom of this for you
there you guys that might get confused
that screw is just a stop sto P so this
doesn't slide off when you're going to
adjust it up or down also this can go on
a different configuration if you would
take this bracket off spinned around you
can lay these down flat you can even
have a lot of fun with this do recommend
it I do have my flashback here which is
wrong because the flash you're gonna not
want to enter the so it goes in there
like inside now we're good so it's
simply flash again IV's this product now
the style of product many times and this
one is more sturdy than the calumet
product it's got two adjustable screws
here to Snug it down even more so so
highly recommend it take care of your
design just really here the other
bracket it's a shorter design just have
different brackets and quickly
of course here's the other bracket that
I was showing you guys there's kind of
sloppy not a fan of that so this is what
you want to see if it's got screws up
here that's it that's better idea then I
think just with no screws and you put
this little rubber track there sometimes
a small kink up in fact if you're if you
when you go to slide the flashlight I'm
not a fan of that rubber track
I prefer as this company did just a
little rubber wash up it's got a middle
moisture on this dial in that size you
can slide a little quickly adjustment
before you flash out real easy to change
batteries in this still it's open your
door and you're off and running these
are the 6 minor pxr T's they're really
nice this relaxed bracket is also a 600
line same thing just my family it's got
some really nice crews I'm guessing this
manufacturer on this one are using the
same factory a lot of features are
similar yeah it's really it's really a
nice project and again for something a
real fast on a beauty dish and you're
you're on a job you just want get it
done real quickly you don't have a time
you need a ton of power for a
consistently long period of time because
this does have a ton of power in it but
unless you have a bunch of batteries and
you're not firing up consistently you're
gonna go ahead with a pack which I also
have right there but I took the pack off
just for our display for this video
purposes all right wish you guys all
success